
This is note is specifically created to provide clear instructions which you need follow to create top tier highly persuasive converting emails.
You need to access the book named "cashvertising" which currently resides in this location (C:\Users\praja\.gemini\antigravity\My projects\Primary-Workspace\ColdEmailAutomation). The main point of creating emails is to understand the prospect needs and touch their pain points.   


List of things you need to keep in mind while creating emails:-



 1.) You don't have to be technical in the starting of the message, only when mentioning how exactly you can fix their problem. This builds authority because you are answering like an expert and when you avoid certain technical phases in the starting of the sentence and tries to build either build rapport, understand them, trigger their needs and desires(as mentioned in LF8 human desires in the book cashvertising), sound natural or reasonable or frame your sentences in way that follows these tonalities "Here are the 10 core tonalities Jordan Belfort discusses in the video, with brief explanations (38:44):

1. Scarcity (38:49): This involves lowering your voice to a whisper, but with power and urgency, to convey that something is in short supply or a secret.
2. Certainty (38:52): A tone that conveys absolute conviction, making it sound like what you're saying is "absolutely the best thing in the world."
3. The Reasonable Man (38:55): Used to imply that you and the prospect are both reasonable, often with phrases like "sound fair enough?" (39:07).
4. Phrasing the Declarative as a Question (39:13): Turning a statement into a question to promp the listener to engage their memory and process information, such as "Hey, Jordan Belfort calling from XYZ company in New York?" (39:17).

5.  The "I Care" (39:21): A genuinely upbeat and caring tone when asking questions like "How you doing today?" to show sincere interest (39:24).

6.  The "I Really Want to Know" (39:26): Used when asking deeper questions to elicit honest answers, conveying a strong desire to understand the prospect's pain points, for example: "So, what's that thing that's just really keeping you up at night?" (39:28).

1. Implied Obviousness (39:34): A tone that suggests something is so evident it's beyond discussion, like "yeah, yeah, you'll make money with this" (39:37).
2. Sincerity (39:48): A tone that conveys genuine belief and trustworthiness, such as "believe me, you're going to be glad you did this" (39:56).
3. Money Aside Tonality (Disarming Hypothetical) (40:01): Used to temporarily remove the financial objection by implying a hypothetical scenario where money isn't an issue, for instance, "Does the idea make sense to you?" (40:05).
4. Mystery and Intrigue (40:28): A tone that draws the listener in and creates anticipation, similar to scarcity, but with more emphasis on an unfolding revelation (40:30)." you skyrocket the chances of them getting your attention.

2.) You don't have to use the language or phases that sound like you are trying to sell them something. for example : completely kill sentences like "buy now", "limited time offer", etc. These triggers the spam filters and doesn't convince the prospects even if the email does land in the inbox.3.)

3.) (C:\Users\praja\.gemini\antigravity\My projects\Primary-Workspace\My business) this path contains 3 notes where one is "my business" and the other one is "CLIENT OUTREACH INSTRUCTION PROTOCOL", the third one is this one. You should never priortise these business details over cashvertising principles, persuasion principles, sounding like a person who can help them. Using complex business details like the ones that are being described in the folders(it talks about attention, hooks, scripts, systems and a lot more other things) scares the person and our goal is to trigger their needs and desires and when it comes to giving a brief idea on how it can help them for their specific job, you can talk about the business details described in these 2 folders in 1-2 lines maximum(not more than that). Remember, whenever you talk about business, don't talk about one single service like scripts or editing or analysis. It's a whole system that contains all these elements that works together that ensure the person gets real results. But, all these services should be presented as bonuses (scripts, analysis, editing, hooks = bonuses). The reason of presenting them as bonuses is because it triggers human brain into believing that he is getting more benefits. 

